Add example with link to oficial example of "Material-ui with Typescript" (#37499)
vercel/next.js: examples/with-material-ui/README.md

# Material UI examples

> ### 1 - [Oficial example - ( Javascript )](https://github.com/mui/material-ui/tree/master/examples/nextjs)
> 
> ### 2 - [Oficial example - ( Typescript )](https://github.com/mui/material-ui/tree/master/examples/nextjs-with-typescript)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These examples are maintained outside of the Next.js repository:

1. Official [TypeScript example](https://github.com/mui/material-ui/tree/master/examples/nextjs-with-typescript)
2. Official [JavaScript example](https://github.com/mui/material-ui/tree/master/examples/nextjs)
```

Let's recommend TypeScript first. :+1:
